#List of online dictionaries and lexical projects


##Section 2
_This section of the list is crectly sourced from: http://wil.cdh.ucla.edu/yaqui/WIL:Indigenous_Language_Websites which is licensed 



Abenaki Dicitonary
http://eco.canadiana.ca/view/oocihm.08895/5?r=0&s=1

Freelang Abenaki-English Software Dictionary
http://www.freelang.net/dictionary/abenaki.php

The Abenaki Language
http://www.cowasuck.org/language/language.htm

The Alabama Dictionary
http://www.ling.unt.edu/~montler/Alabama/Dictionary/index.htm

Northern Arapaho Dictionary
http://www.colorado.edu/csilw/arapahoproject/language/dictionary/dic_frame2.html

Aymara-English Dictionary
http://www.websters-online-dictionary.org/browse/Aymara

Diccionario Aymara-Castellano
http://www.lenguandina.org/

Catawba Dictionary
http://www.angelfire.com/az2/catawba/

English to Cherokee Translation
http://home.earthlink.net/~deanna1jc/moondoves_spiral_maindictionary.htm

Cheyenne Dictionary
http://www.native-languages.org/learning.htm

Freelang Cheyenne-English Software Dictionary
http://www.freelang.net/dictionary/cheyenne.php

Diccionario Chinanteco de San Juan Lealao
http://www.sil.org/MEXICO/chinanteca/SanJuanLealao/S035b-DicSnJnLeaChin-cle.pdf

Diccionario Chinanteco de Tlatepuxco
http://www.sil.org/MEXICO/chinanteca/tlatepuzco/S039b-DiccChinTlatepuzco-cpa.pdf

Blanche, Demers and Onge’s Chinook Dicitonary Catechisms, Prayers and Hymns
http://eco.canadiana.ca/view/oocihm.04222/3?r=0&s=1

Francois Norbert Blanchet’s Dictionary of Chinook Jargon
http://eco.canadiana.ca/view/oocihm.14272/2?r=0&s=1

Granville Stuart’s Dictionary of the Chinook Jargon
http://eco.canadiana.ca/view/oocihm.35301/3?r=0&s=1

Hutchings and Rosenfield’s Vocabulary of the Chinok Jargon
http://eco.canadiana.ca/view/oocihm.18646/3?r=0&s=1

J.M.R Le June’s Practical Chinook Vocabulary
http://eco.canadiana.ca/view/oocihm.15489/3?r=0&s=1 

J.M.R Le June’s Chinook and Shorthand Rudiments
http://eco.canadiana.ca/view/oocihm.15489/3?r=0&s=1

Cree Dictionary (Dictionnaire de la Iangue Cris)
http://eco.canadiana.ca/view/oocihm.50563/5?r=0&s=1

Google's "Endangered Languages" 
http://www.endangeredlanguages.com/

First Voices
http://www.firstvoices.com/

Vocabulario de la Lengua Guarani
http://www.educar.org/Kunumi/vocabulario.asp

English Interface Hiaki/ Yaqui
http://lexicon.arizona.edu/~hammond/hiakiC.html

Hibben and Carswell’s Dictionary of Indiana Tongues
http://eco.canadiana.ca/view/oocihm.16670/3?r=0&s=1

Horatio Hale’s An International Idiom
http://eco.canadiana.ca/view/oocihm.05327/5?r=0&s=1

Inuktitut Living Dictionary
http://www.livingdictionary.com/index.jsp

Iñupiaq Online Dictionary
http://www.alaskool.org/language/dictionaries/inupiaq/dictionary.htm?submit=Inupiaq+On-line+Dictionary

Indigenous Languages Dictionary
http://whp.uoregon.edu/dictionaries/

The Language Gathering (Cultural Survival Quarterly)
http://languagegathering.org/

Kamilaroi/Gamilaraay Dictionary
http://coombs.anu.edu.au/WWWVLPages/AborigPages/LANG/GAMDICT/GAMDICTF.HTM

Lenape Dictionary (1)
http://www.kitto.cc/oa/dictionary/search.htm

Pennsylvania Native Americans- Lenape
http://www.panativeamericans.org/lenape_dictionary.html

Lakota Speaker
http://language.nativeweb.org/index.htm

Maliseet-Passamaquoddy Dictionary
http://pmportal.org/splash

Diccionario Español-Mapuche
http://www.educar.org/Diccionarios/espanolmapuche.asp

Diccionario Mapuche-Español
http://www.educar.org/Diccionarios/mapucheespanol.asp

Léxico Mapuche
http://www.educar.org/Diccionarios/Lexicomapuche/index.asp

Mingo Dictionary
http://mingolanguage.org/

Mi’kmaq Talking Dictionary
http://mikmaqonline.org/

Aviones y Malacates
http://www.sil.org/MEXICO/mixteca/triqui-copala/G034e-malacate-trc.htm

Diccionario Náhuatl-Españoll
http://aulex.org/nah-es/

Diccionario Español- Náhuatl
http://aulex.org/es-nah/

Native American/ Indian Sign Language
http://www.inquiry.net/outdoor/native/sign/

Native American Online Dictionaries
http://www.multilingualbooks.com/onlinedicts-nativeamerican.html#yaqui

Good’s A Vocabulary and Outlines of Grammar of the Nitlakapamuk
http://eco.canadiana.ca/view/oocihm.02276/2?r=0&s=1

North American Indian Language Worksheets
http://www.native-languages.org/learning.htm

North American Languages
http://www.alphadictionary.com/directory/Languages/North_American_Languages/

Arizona Native American Dictionary Project
http://lexicon.arizona.edu/mikeserv/

Online American Indian Picture Dictionaries
http://www.native-languages.org/dictionaries.htm

American Indian Language Links
http://www.taino-tribe.org/langlinks.htm

Indian Sign Language
http://www.inquiry.net/outdoor/native/sign/index.htm

Native American Dictionaries
http://www.sageandsweetgrass.com/dictionaries.aspx

Native American Languages Online Translator
http://www.ats-group.net/dictionaries/dictionary-native-american.html

Ojibwe Dictionary
http://www.freelang.net/dictionary/ojibwe.php

Ojibwe People's Dictionary
http://ojibwe.lib.umn.edu/

Onandaga Dictionary
http://eco.canadiana.ca/view/oocihm.49524/5?r=0&s=1

The Wisconsin Oneida Language Preservation Project
http://uwdc.library.wisc.edu/collections/Oneida

Vocabulario del idioma Purépecha
http://www.sil.org/MEXICO/tarasca/G026-VocabularioPurepecha-tsz.pdf

Diccionario Español-Quechua
http://www.educar.org/Diccionarios/DiccionarioQuechua/espanolquechua/index.asp

Diccionario Quechua-Español
http://www.educar.org/Diccionarios/DiccionarioQuechua/quechuaespanol/index.asp

Salish Dictionary
http://www.ling.unt.edu/~montler/Klallam/

Diccionario Seri:
Numbers
http://www.sil.org/MEXICO/seri/G004a-DicNumeros-sei.htm
Automobile Parts
http://www.sil.org/MEXICO/seri/12e-Seri-PartesAuto.htm

Tlingit Dictionary
http://eco.canadiana.ca/view/oocihm.14308/13?r=0&s=1

Diccionario Tupí-Portugués
http://www.redebrasileira.com/tupi/index.asp

Dicionario em Tupi
http://www.capixabismo.com.br/tupi.htm

The Wagiman Online Dictionary
http://www1.aiatsis.gov.au/exhibitions/e_access/digital/a339234/home.htm

Wehali Cherokee-English Dictionary
http://wehali.com/tsalagi/

Diccionario zapoteco de Yatzachi
http://www.sil.org/MEXICO/zapoteca/yatzachi/S037b-Diccionario-zav.pdf

English Interface Hiaki/ Yaqui
http://lexicon.arizona.edu/~hammond/hiakiC.html

Vocabulario zapoteco del Isthmo
http://www.sil.org/MEXICO/zapoteca/istmo/S003c-VocZapIstmoEd5-zai.pdf

Diccionario zapoteco de San Bartolome Zoogocho, Oaxaca
http://www.sil.org/MEXICO/zapoteca/zoogocho/S038b-Diccionario-zpq.pdf
